Plate and Cam
Once upon a time, there were two half-sisters named Tam and Cam. Parents died early, Tam
have to live with a stepmother. While Cam was pampered and pampered, Tam had to suffer
hardship, being scolded and treated unfairly. One day, on the advice of her aunt,
Cam and Tam went out to the field to catch shrimp.
Because the reward is the desired red bib, Tam is very diligent in catching the middle shrimp
hot sunny weather. Meanwhile, Cam was busy chasing flowers and catching butterflies and forgot to blame
duty, the effect is that the return basket has nothing. Trick Tam to go to the pond to bathe and steal all the numbers
Shrimps and shrimp that Tam had worked hard all day to catch.
Self-pity and crying alone. The Buddha felt so sorry, he showed up to comfort and help, telling Tam
bring the remaining goby fish to rearing. Every day, I save a portion of my rice and go to the well
called "Bang bang bang bang up to eat our home's silver rice, don't eat our home's flower porridge
people ", the goby immediately appeared, biting the golden rice grains of Ms. Tam.
Cam's mother and daughter learned that they had caught Tam's goby for meat. This time, the Buddha said "Remove the bones"
fish in jars and buried at the foot of the bed. The king opened the festival, everyone was excited to go to the festival.
Cam's mother and daughter didn't want Tam to go to the festival, so she forced her to pick up a basket of paddy mixed with rice.

The Buddha appeared and called the sparrows to help Tam. Then tell Tam to dig four pots of herringbone
under the bed. Amazingly, the pieces of herringbone from before have turned into costumes
gorgeous, shining, fit Tam's body to help her attend the festival of the King.Lu
Unfortunately, Tam accidentally dropped a shoe into the river. I searched forever but couldn't find it. King
When he saw the beautiful little shoe, he immediately ordered whoever tried on the shoe to fit it
become queen. Everyone in the capital heard the news and eagerly came to try on shoes, with
hope to become Queen.
But only Tam tried to fit the shoe. Immediately, the King invited her to the palace and became
Queen. On the occasion of Tam's death anniversary, they surreptitiously cut down the areca tree and killed Tam.
Thank you to the king's palace instead of her sister. The plate turns into a golden bird, an oval tree,
loom, fruit.
Finally became the daughter of the old lady of the country. When the king happened to pass by here and
recognized Tam, immediately took her back to the palace. At the end of the story, Cam's mother and daughter were punished
Worthy and Tam lived happily ever after with the King.