Thach Sanh
Once upon a time, in a certain village, there lived a gentle couple but never gave birth
be late child. The Jade Emperor lovingly sent his son to be reincarnated as their child
The name is Thach Sanh. When the couple died, Thach Sanh lived alone under a banyan tree
firewood picking.
Ly Thong - a man who lives by distilling wine - sees Thach Sanh healthy, he pretends to marry
meaning friends to take advantage of. When it was Ly Thong's turn to enter the temple to feed the wicked ogre,
he tricked Thach Sanh to give his life instead. Thach Sanh bravely destroyed it
tyrant ogre.
Ly Thong again tricked Thach Sanh to escape and then brought the ogre's head in and handed it over to the king to receive
rewarded, was appointed admiral by the king. The king organized the deployment of the cocoon for his daughter, but
Unfortunately, the princess was carried away by a giant eagle. Ly Thong asked Thach Sanh to kill him again
The eagle saved the princess, Thach Sanh went down to the cave, fought with the eagle and saved the princess
lord.
Ly Thong filled the cave again to kill Thach Sanh. After killing the eagle, I also saved the king's son
Thuy Te has been imprisoned by the eagle for a long time. Thach Sanh was allowed to visit the aquarium, received the king
Thuy Te rewarded him very well, but he only asked for a guitar and returned to the banyan tree to live.
As for the princess, since being brought back to the palace by Ly Thong, she naturally turned mute. Ogre spirit
and the eagle met to plot revenge against Thach Sanh, causing him to be wronged and locked in
prison. Thach Sanh took out the lute that was given to him to play, the princess heard it and immediately recovered from the disease
dumb .
The king called him up, he explained the beginning and end of the problem. The king assigned him to prosecute Ly's mother and son
Pine. He was spared by him, but on the way back, they were killed by lightning and turned into
maybug. The king married the princess to Thach Sanh. The neighboring vassal countries were angry
army to fight. Thach Sanh took out the harp to play for them to submit.